Tong Su Email: tongst622@gmail.com Tel.: 718-207-9060 Address: Long Island City, NY 11101 EDUCATION New York University New York, NY MS in Information Technology Management, GPA: 3.8 Jan 2022 - Dec 2023 Data Analytics; Database Design& Mgmt.; Data Mining & Warehousing; Databases Technologies for Web Applications University of California, Irvine Irvine, CA BA in Business Economics, GPA: 3.5; 7 quarters Dean’s Honor Students Jan 2015 - June 2019 SKILLS & TOOLS • Marketing; Statistics; Data Analytics & Visualization; Text Data Mining(NLP); Web Development • Oracle SQL/MySQL; Google/Meta Ads; Google Analytics; Google Tag Manager; Tableau; Looker Studio; Orange 3 • Python; HTML & CSS; JavaScript; PHP; WordPress WORK EXPERIENCE HireBeat Inc. Jersey City, NJ Data Analyst intern Sep 2023 - Now • Create a dashboard for InterviewSpark’s web acquisition and drive insights from User Onboarding funnel analysis. • Develop a Lead Magnet Customer Journey for InterviewSpark and define KPIs, goals & benchmarks for each funnel. • Design an SQL database for a university AI-TA product, ensuring forward compatibility for future AI integrations. Mamon11 New York, NY Marketing Analyst intern, Paid Media Jun 2023 - Now • Audit, monitor, and analyze Ads performance data across media platforms to improve Pish Posh Baby’s campaign setup and efficiency. • Optimize bids, budgets, and campaign types within a portfolio to drive sales growth and optimize ad spending weekly. • Develop dashboards and draft performance reports for team presentations, client briefings, and future planning. • Conduct keyword analysis, competitive scrutiny, and audience analysis to shape campaign strategy and targeting. iProspect Beijing, China E-commerce Data Analyst Intern Jun 2021 - July 2021 • Tracked and analyzed Banner Ads metrics to boost Kotex's sales of summer promotion on the e-commerce platform. • Adjusted campaign budgets based on KPIs and optimized ad placements to enhance brand’s visibility on the platform. • Conducted SWOT analysis for the feminine hygiene category, boosted the promotion’s GMV by 65%, Conversions by 26%, ROI by 12%, and CVR by 4% than last year’s with the team. Arc Investment and Consulting Services Toronto, Canada Business Analyst Intern Mar 2021 – May 2021 • Analyzed a 12M-cell e-commerce dataset from Pakistan, extracting key sales insights and visualizing market growth. • Conducted ROI analysis of Beauty & Grooming and Superstore products and forecasted future growth trends. • Examined correlations between payment methods, order status, and product categories for strategic insights. PROJECT EXPERIENCE Capstone Project: Using LLMs for Resume-Job Matching, New York University New York, NY Data Analyst Sep 2023 - Dec 2023 • Web scrape job descriptions on LinkedIn and standardize data format and structure with Python for client’s approval. • Utilize Large Language Models (LLMs) to conduct text data analysis to match resumes with job descriptions effectively. • Compare the LLM-derived results with the traditional R-based model, give pivotal insights, and highlight performance differentiators. Database Design & Management, New York University New York, NY Data Analyst July 2022 - Aug 2022 • Built data model for employee’s data by SQL data modeler and employed ETL processes to transform data for analysis. • Used SQL to derive KPIs, visualized with Tableau, and provided insights on salary, employment status, and recruitment effectiveness. 